Update readme (#107)
rapidsai/rapids-js: README.md

# <div align="left"><img src="https://rapids.ai/assets/images/rapids_logo.png" width="90px"/>&nbsp; rapids-js

> The rapids-js project comprises of collection of js bindings to the following Rapids libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rapids-js project comprises of collection of JavaScript bindings to the following Rapids libraries:
```

1. [cudf](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf)
2. [cugraph](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph)
3. [cuspatial](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuspatial)
4. [rmm](https://github.com/rapidsai/rmm)

> Apart from the Rapids libraries, this project also includes js bindings to the following libraries:
> 1. cuda
> 2. [glfw](https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
> 3. webgl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `rapids-js` includes JavaScript bindings to [cuda](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit) and [glfw](https://github.com/glfw/glfw).
```

(Left off webgl since webgl is already JS to being with?)

For detailed APIs, follow our [API Documentation](https://rapidsai.github.io/rapids-js/).

## Setup & Installation

#### CUDA/GPU requirements
- CUDA 10.1+
- NVIDIA driver 418.39+
- Pascal architecture or better (Compute Capability >=6.0)

> The above mentioned js-modules can be installed separately as per the use cases. To get started with `rapids-js`, follow the [Setup Instructions](docs/setup.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with `rapids-js`, follow the [Setup Instructions](docs/setup.md). Individual `rapids-js` modules can be installed separately as-needed. 
```

# <div align="left"><img src="https://rapids.ai/assets/images/rapids_logo.png" width="90px"/>&nbsp; rapids-js

The rapids-js project comprises of collection of js bindings to the following Rapids libraries:
1. [cudf](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf)
2. [cugraph](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph)
3. [cuspatial](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuspatial)
4. [rmm](https://github.com/rapidsai/rmm)

Apart from the Rapids libraries, this project also includes js bindings to the following libraries:
1. cuda
2. [glfw](https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
3. webgl

> 4. [deckgl](https://github.com/visgl/deck.gl)
> 5. nvencoder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: removed
